it's time to hit the jackpot on bowling
for dollars
Rochester's big money game show where
everyone's a winner
and now for all the fun and excitement
here's the man with all the dollars the
kingpin himself your host Matt 13 and
Rochester
I'm Matt Rinaldi and we're here to have
some fun tonight we have seven lively
contestants who are here tonight to bold
two strikes in a row every single one of
them I'm sure and we're gonna make some
money have some fun let's take a look at
our jackpot we start the night with six
hundred twenty dollars let's add twenty
dollars to that bring it up to six
hundred forty dollars time to meet our
first contestant tonight from Webster
Diana
Schofield
boy all that applause is for you how
about that we'll find out won't we
Diana you work at Sibley's out of
marketplace yes what do you do there
sales associate and the children's
department I see what is the sales
associate Clerk oh you get to wait on
all the little kids that come in with
mom and dad
oh yeah children these days know pretty
much what they want and clothes yes they
do eight years old forget it you do
campo say oh you mean after no I don't
understand what do you mean by that
children's reach eight years old they
know what they want
yeah they if you pick something out for
him the mothers bring it back the next
day Diana who did you bring with you
tonight I brought a very dear friend
Peggy and her husband Alan and Joe and
my fiance Dan okay great nice to have
you with us tonight brought your own
routing section right okay now we need
to get you a pen pal Diana let's take
dig deep into the barrel here let's see
who you're gonna bowl for tonight
hopefully break that jackpot Thank You
Diana good luck to you tonight from
Webster Diana Scofield Diana's pin Cal
is dead garbage of Hilton okay now we
have a jackpot of six hundred forty
dollars this is Diana Scofield of
Webster let's get it in there get into
the pocket get yourself a strike
we're halfway there halfway to winning
that jackpot
Diana Scofield of Webster and of course
Deb Garbett of Hilton
she's rootin at home our pin fell six
hundred forty dollars in a jackpot we're
all rootin for Diana Scofield now let's
hope she picks up this second strike and
take home the jackpot and the red pin is
down - all right get it in there get it
in there well you've got the first
strike that's $20 for you and for your
pin pal thanks for being with us tonight
thanks for being our first contestant
okay let's add some more money to our
jackpot on bowling for dollars six
hundred forty dollars we'll take it up
to six hundred sixty dollars and meet
our next contestant